Changes to various files (#37)
movestore/movestore.github.io: create_app.md

5. **Upload all changes to your GitHub repository** where the following three files are mandatory for running on MoveApps: `appspec.json`, `RFunction.R` (for R-files) or `ShinyModule.R` (for R-Shiny-Apps) and a documentation file (needs to be`README.md`). Additional files can be included (see image above), but are not necessary.

6. **Create a Tag** (`Release`) of your GitHub repository.

7. **Initiate the App** on MoveApps (`Create new Application`).

8. **Submit a first App version** to MoveApps (`Add version`). One of the MoveApps administrators will check the App and build it into a Docker container for integration to the platform. If the App has built successfully, it will acquire private trial status. You will receive an e-mail.

9. **Test a private trial version** of your App on MoveApps. Build a Workflow and test if your App version behaves as expected on the system.

10. **Approve (or retract) your App version** for visibility to all MoveApps users. If it needs adaptions, please retract and submit a new App version.

## Notes and recommendations

> - As the R packages move and sp will be deprecated at the end of 2023, consider working with sf and using the brand-new [move2 package](https://gitlab.com/bartk/move2), which has recently been added to CRAN. Avoid any use of deprecated R packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As the R packages move and sp will be deprecated at the end of 2023, consider working with sf and using the brand-new [move2 package](https://bartk.gitlab.io/move2/index.html), which has recently been added to CRAN. Avoid any use of deprecated R packages.
```
